README.md, before:

Motion Meetup
========================

### Site Purpose ###
Group meetup for RubyMotion Developers

If you're a dev interested in keeping up to date with the ecosystem of RubyMotion, you found the right group. MotionMeetup is full of RubyMotion developers of all levels who want to keep up to date with the latest in RubyMotion technology, or just don't want to suck.  

### Site Code ###

This application was generated with the rails_apps_composer gem:
https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer
provided by the RailsApps Project:
http://railsapps.github.com/

________________________

Recipes:
["controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"none", :dev_webserver=>"thin", :prod_webserver=>"thin", :database=>"sqlite", :templates=>"haml", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"none", :continuous_testing=>"none", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"bootstrap", :bootstrap=>"sass", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"omniauth", :omniauth_provider=>"github", :authorization=>"none", :form_builder=>"simple_form", :starter_app=>"home_app", :rvmrc=>true, :quiet_assets=>true, :local_env_file=>true, :better_errors=>true}

________________________

Commit message:

Updating readme to explain use of figaro gem

README.md, after:

Motion Meetup
========================

### Site Purpose ###
Group meetup for RubyMotion Developers

If you're a dev interested in keeping up to date with the ecosystem of RubyMotion, you found the right group. MotionMeetup is full of RubyMotion developers of all levels who want to keep up to date with the latest in RubyMotion technology, or just don't want to suck.  

### Site Code ###

This site utalizes the figaro gem, and therefore some API credentials are hidden in `config/application.yml`
There is an application.example.yml that shows the environment variables in use for the full application to function.

This application was generated with the rails_apps_composer gem:
https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer
provided by the RailsApps Project:
http://railsapps.github.com/

________________________

Recipes:
["controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"none", :dev_webserver=>"thin", :prod_webserver=>"thin", :database=>"sqlite", :templates=>"haml", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"none", :continuous_testing=>"none", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"bootstrap", :bootstrap=>"sass", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"omniauth", :omniauth_provider=>"github", :authorization=>"none", :form_builder=>"simple_form", :starter_app=>"home_app", :rvmrc=>true, :quiet_assets=>true, :local_env_file=>true, :better_errors=>true}

________________________
